#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 16.06 12:40 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 21962 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                               # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blood Altar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spell Conduit
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Incense Crucible
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Demon's Chest
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spell Table
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mimic Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Schematic Saver
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Teleposer
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood Light
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Filled Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Demon Portal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Empty Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Life Essence
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Container
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Speed Rune
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Anchor Point
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Air Balloon
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Shore Buffer
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crate
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Steam Engine
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Floater
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ship's Helm
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Seat
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altGrass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.altar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.Botania.avatar.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bellows.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrost.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.brewery.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cellBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.cocoon.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.distributor.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enchanter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.fakeAir.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.flower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestDrum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.forestEye.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.ghostRail.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.hourglass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.incensePlate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.lightRelay.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaBomb.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaDetector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaFlame.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.manaVoid.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.miniIsland.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.Botania.openCrate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.petalBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.platform.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pool.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pool.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prism.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prism.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pump.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pump.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.pylon.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.root.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.root.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.runeAltar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.seaLamp.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.solidVine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.specialFlower.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.spreader.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.starfield.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.storage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.terraPlate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.turntable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.break.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Concussion Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Confusing Charge
fe.protection.break.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ender Charge
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Brass
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Constantan
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Elementium
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Fairy
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.break.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Zinc
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Star Block
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Log
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Planks
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.break.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wrath Cage
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bone Block
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bone Slab
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bone Stairs
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSInvisibleWall.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.break.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Night Stone
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Book Binder
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Book Receptacle
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bookstand
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crystal
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Decay Effect
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ink Mixer
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lectern
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Link Modifier
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Star Fissure
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Link Portal
fe.protection.break.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Writing Desk
fe.protection.break.NOVA.blockAntiBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.NOVA.blockDirtChest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dirt Chest 9002
fe.protection.break.NOVA.blockLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood Leaves
fe.protection.break.NOVA.blockSapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blood Sapling
fe.protection.break.Natura.BerryBush.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Blazerail.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.Bluebells.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bluebells
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.Natura.Cloud.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherButton.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nether Furnace
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherLever.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Obelisk
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.break.Natura.Thornvines.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thornvines
fe.protection.break.Natura.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood
fe.protection.break.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.maple.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Maple Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.redwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.sakura.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.tiger.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.button.willow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Willow Button
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.redwood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.door.sakura.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Door
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.Natura.floraleaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.florasapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.heatsand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Heat Sand
fe.protection.break.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.planks.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.break.Natura.redwood.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Soil
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.maple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Maple Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.stair.willow.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Willow Stairs
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.Natura.tree.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.break.Natura.willow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.willow.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Drying Rack
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Station
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Slab Furnace
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glue Block
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frying Pan
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hambone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Landmine
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK SDX
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Ender
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Alumite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Enderium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Invar
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lumium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Nickel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Shiny
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Signalum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Tin
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glue
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Slime
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slime Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bounce Pad
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Birch Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oak Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Punji Stick
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dynamo
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flux Gas  
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Old Urn
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bound Jar
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Everburn Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Everfull Urn
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Soul Brazier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Think Tank
fe.protection.break.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Alchemite
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Seroconverter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bone
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Brain
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Deep Crystal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dust
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Eye Cluster
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Planar Gateway
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Inspiratron
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Node Monitor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Soul Beacon
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sieve
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soulforge
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Metal Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tooth
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Planar Boundary
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.Crate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crate
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abyblock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Abyssalnite
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abybrick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abybutton.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone Button
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abycopore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Copper Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abycorore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Coralium Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydiaore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Abyssalnite Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Abyssalnite Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Abyssalnite Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickfence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Abyssalnite Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickstairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Abyssalnite Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydreadore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abydreadstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Abyssalnite Stone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abyfence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abygolore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abyiroore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abylcorore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Coralium Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abynitore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Nitre Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abyore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abypcorore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pearlescent Coralium Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abypplate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abyslab1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abyslab2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abystairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abystone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.abytinore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Tin Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.altar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.antiwater.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Antimatter
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.azathothstatue.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Azathoth Statue
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.chagarothspawner.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cha'garoth Spawner Block
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.coraliumfire.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Fire
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.coraliumore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.coraliumstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Infused Stone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.corblock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Refined Coralium
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.crystallizer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crystallizer
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.crystallizer_on.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crystallizer
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstobebrickslab2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Stone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstonebrick.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Brick
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickfence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickslab1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickstairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstonebutton.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Stone Button
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cstonepplate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Coralium Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cthulhustatue.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cthulhu Statue
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.cwater.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Coralium
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Cobblestone Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Cobblestone Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrick.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.DEB.name
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickfence.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickstairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumpillar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkgrass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Grass
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkstone_brick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkstone_cobble.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dbstairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dcstairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dghead.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Depths Ghoul head
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltbutton.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood Button
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltfence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltleaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Leaves
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltlog.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltplank.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltpplate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltsapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltslab1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltslab2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dltstairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darklands Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadaltarbottom.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Cha'garoth (bottom)
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadaltartop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Cha'garoth (top)
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadbrick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dreadstone Bricks
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickfence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dreadstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dreadstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dreadstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickstairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dreadstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadfire.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dreaded Fire
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadgrass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Grass
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadguardspawner.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Dreadguard Spawner Block
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadiumblock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Dreadium
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadleaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Wood Leaves
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadlog.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Wood Log
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dreaded Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadplanks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadportal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Gateway
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadsapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Wood Sapling
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dreadstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dreadstone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.drtfence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Wood Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dsbfence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dsbutton.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Button
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dscwall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dsglow.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.dspplate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Darkstone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.energypedestal.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Energy Pedestal
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.engraver.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Engraver
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.engraver_on.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK A House
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxium.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ethaxium
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumblock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Ethaxium
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrick.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.EB.name
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickstairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumfence.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumpillar.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.fire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.gatekeeperminionspawner.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Minion of The Gatekeeper Spawner Block
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.hasturstatue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hastur Statue
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.jzaharspawner.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK J'zahar Spawner Block
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.jzahatstatue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK J'zahar Statue
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.materializer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Materializer
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.monolithpillar.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Monolith Stone Pillar
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.monolithstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Monolith Stone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.nitreore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nitre Ore
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.nyarlathotepstatue.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Nyarlathotep Statue
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.odb.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Oblivion Deathbomb
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.odbcore.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK ODB Core
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ohead.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dr. Orange's head
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.omotholfire.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Omothol Fire
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.omotholportal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Omothol Gateway
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.omotholstone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Omothol Stone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.phead.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pete's head
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.portal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Gateway
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.psdl.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dreadlands Infused Powerstone
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ritualaltar.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Altar
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.ritualpedestal.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Pedestal
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.sacrificialaltar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sacrificial Altar
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.shoggothbiomass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shoggoth Biomass
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.shoggothblock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Shoggoth Ooze
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.shubniggurathstatue.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Shub-Niggurath Statue
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.solidlava.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Solid lava
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.tieredenergypedestal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tieredEnergyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.tieredsacrificialaltar.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tieredSacrificialAltar.name
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.transmutator.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Transmutator
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.transmutator_on.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transmutator
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.whead.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mr. Wilson's head
fe.protection.break.abyssalcraft.yogsothothstatue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yog-Sothoth Statue
fe.protection.break.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.bedrockBricks.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock Bricks
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.blockBlaze.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Block
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.blockBone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bones
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.blockEnder.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Ender Pearl
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.blockFlesh.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.blockGunpowder.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gunpowder
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.blockRuby.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Ruby
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.blockSlime.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Slime
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.boneLadder.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bone Ladder
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.chestNetherwood.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Chest
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.doorBoneBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.doorGlassBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.doorNetherBrickBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.doorNetherwoodBlock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.enderBrick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender Brick
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.gateNetherBrick.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.glowstoneTorch.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.netherLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.netherPlanks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Planks
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.netherSapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.netherWood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Log
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.netherwoodWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.oreRuby.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Ore
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.slabEnderBrick.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.slabEnderBrickFull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.slabNetherwood.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.slabNetherwoodFull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.soulGlass.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Soul Glass
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.stairStone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.stairsEnderBrick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ender Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.stairsNetherwood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Netherwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.bettercraft.trapdoorIron.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.cfm.barstool.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.basin.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.basin.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bin.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.birdbath.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blender.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blender.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blindoff.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.blindon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.chairstone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.chairwood.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.choppingboard.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.computer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.computer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.couch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.couch.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.counterdoored.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.countersink.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cup.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.cup.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtainon.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.doorbell.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.electricfence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.firealarmon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.freezer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.fridge.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.hey.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.hey.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.lampoff.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.lampon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.mailbox.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.microwave.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.nyan.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.oven.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.pattern.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.plate.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.plate.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.present.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.present.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.printer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.printer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerbottom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showerheadon.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.showertop.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.stereo.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.stonepath.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tablestone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tablewood.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tap.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tap.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.toaster.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.toilet.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tree.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tree.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.tv.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tv.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.washingmachine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.whitefence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.amber.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Anti Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.arcane.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.autoChisel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.beacon.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.chisel.birch_planks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodRune.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.brickCustom.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Brick Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Floor Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.copperblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.end_Stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fantasy Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Futura Circuit
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gold Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.grimstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Grimstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.hexPlating.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hex Plating
fe.protection.break.chisel.holystone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Holystone
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_bars.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Iron Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.leadblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.leaves.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Slab
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nation.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.nether_brick.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.oak_planks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall
fe.protection.break.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Paperwall Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.present.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.rebel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rebellious Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.road_line.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Road Lines
fe.protection.break.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.silverblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.steelblock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.tallow.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tallow
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical4.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Technical Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templeblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.thaumium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tinblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch10.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch3.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch5.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch6.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch7.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch8.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.torch9.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Valentines Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.warningSign.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Warning Sign
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Woolen Clay
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.blockTemporal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tEmPoRAl blOCk
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.brassBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brass Block
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.celestialCompass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Compass Core
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.celestialCompassSub.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Compass
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.clockworkAssemblyTable.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Clockwork Assembly Table
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.disassembler.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Disassembler
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorAir.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorAir.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorDeath.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorDeath.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorEarth.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorEarth.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorFire.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorFire.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorLife.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorLife.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorLight.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorLight.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorLunar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorLunar.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.extractorWater.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.clockworkphase:extractorWater.name
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.hourglassLightBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Hourglass Light
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.oreTemporal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tEmPoRAl oRe
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.sandTemporal.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tEmPoRAl sNaD
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.timeSand.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Time Sand
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.timeWell.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Well of Time
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.windingBox.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Winding Box
fe.protection.break.clockworkphase.woodTemporal.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tEmPoRAl lOg
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Oven
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Table
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.fridge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fridge
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.sink.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sink
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.toaster.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.break.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tool Rack
fe.protection.break.denseores.block0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.break.eplus.tile.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.blockBlood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.blockPoison.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Poison
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.bloodChest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blood Chest
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.bloodInfuser.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood Infuser
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.bloodStainedBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stained Block
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.bloodWaxedCoalBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Blood-Waxed Coal
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.bloodyCobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bloody Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.boxOfEternalClosure.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Box of Eternal Closure
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.colossalBloodChest.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Colossal Blood Chest
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.darkBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Block
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.darkBloodBrick.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Blood Brick
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.darkBrick.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Brick
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.darkOre.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Ore
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.darkPowerGemBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Power Gem Block
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.darkTank.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Tank
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.entangledChalice.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Entangled Chalice
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.environmentalAccumulator.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Environmental Accumulator
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.eternalWaterBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Eternal Water Block
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.gemStoneTorch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK GemStone Torch
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.hardenedBlood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Blood
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.invisibleRedstoneBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Invisible Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.lightningBomb.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lightning Bomb
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.netherMonsterBlock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.obscuredGlass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Obscured Glass
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.purifier.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Purifier
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.reinforcedUndeadPlank.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Undead Plank
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.sanguinaryEnvironmentalAccumulator.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Sanguinary Environmental Acc.
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.sanguinaryPedestal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sanguinary Pedestal
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.spikedPlate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Spiked Plate
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.spiritFurnace.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Furnace
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.spiritPortal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Portal
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.spiritReanimator.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Reanimator
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.undeadLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Undead Leaves
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.undeadLog.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Undead Log
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.undeadPlank.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Undead Plank
fe.protection.break.evilcraft.undeadSapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Undead Sapling
fe.protection.break.golems.tile.golem_head.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golem Head
fe.protection.break.golems.tile.movinglightsource.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dynamic Light (Full)
fe.protection.break.golems.tile.movinglightsource2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Dynamic Light (Half)
fe.protection.break.golems.tile.movingpowerprovider.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dynamic Power Source
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Animal Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Berry Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churn.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Churn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cutting Board
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Desert Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fish Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gourd Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Grass Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ground Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Herb Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Leafy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.oven.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Goosberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Barley Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Beet Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Celery Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Corn Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cotton Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ginger Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grape Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Leek Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Oats Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Okra Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Onion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peanut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Peas Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Radish Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rice Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rye Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Scallion Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soybean Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spinach Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Turnip Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pot.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quern.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quern
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.salt.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.sink.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sink.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stalk Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Textile Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Garden
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.break.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sewing Machine
fe.protection.break.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Summoning Altar
fe.protection.break.necromancy.skullWall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.break.qCraft.qblock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Computer
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Automatic Observer
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumore.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Ore
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Ore
fe.protection.break.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Portal
fe.protection.break.waystones.waystone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Waystone
fe.protection.break.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.alluringskull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Alluring Skull
fe.protection.break.witchery.altar.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.artichoke.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water Artichoke
fe.protection.break.witchery.barrier.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.witchery.beartrap.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Beartrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.belladonna.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Belladonna
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood Crucible
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodrose.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blood Poppy
fe.protection.break.witchery.bramble.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brazier.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Brazier
fe.protection.break.witchery.brew.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewgas.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewliquid.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.cactus.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.witchery.candelabra.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.witchery.cauldron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.chalice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chalice
fe.protection.break.witchery.circle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Heart Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.clever.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.witchery.coffinblock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coffin
fe.protection.break.witchery.crittersnare.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Critter Snare
fe.protection.break.witchery.crystalball.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Ball
fe.protection.break.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sun Collector
fe.protection.break.witchery.decursedirected.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.break.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.break.witchery.demonheart.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Demon Heart
fe.protection.break.witchery.disease.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Disease
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dream Weaver
fe.protection.break.witchery.embermoss.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ember Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.force.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Solid
fe.protection.break.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Garland
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicplant.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Garlic
fe.protection.break.witchery.glintweed.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glint Weed
fe.protection.break.witchery.glowglobe.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glow Globe
fe.protection.break.witchery.grassper.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Grassper
fe.protection.break.witchery.hollowtears.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice Fence
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefencegate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice Gate
fe.protection.break.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.iceslab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestockade.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.infinityegg.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Egg
fe.protection.break.witchery.kettle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Kettle
fe.protection.break.witchery.leapinglily.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Leaping Lily
fe.protection.break.witchery.leechchest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leech Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.light.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.lilypad.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.break.witchery.mandrake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mandrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mindrake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Minedrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mirror Surface
fe.protection.break.witchery.perpetualice.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitdirt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitgrass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.witchery.placeditem.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.plantmine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.break.witchery.refillingchest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.scarecrow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.silvervat.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Silver Vat
fe.protection.break.witchery.slurp.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowbell.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snowbell
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowslab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowstairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Snow Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.somniancotton.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.break.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spanish Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritportal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alder Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.break.witchery.statueofworship.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.break.witchery.stockade.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentportal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Torment Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentstone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Torment Stone
fe.protection.break.witchery.trent.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Trent Effigy
fe.protection.break.witchery.vine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vine
fe.protection.break.witchery.voidbramble.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Void Bramble
fe.protection.break.witchery.wallgen.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.web.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Web
fe.protection.break.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchleaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchlog.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsladder.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfhead.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Head
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wolfsbane
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolftrap.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wolftrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.wormwood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wormwood
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Altar of Light
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wraith Node
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.bed_roof.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bedouin Roof
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.bed_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bedouin Wall
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.bedouin_door_0.name
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.bedouin_door_1.name
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.bedouin_door_2.name
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_roof.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_wall.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.indlu_door_0.name
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.indlu_door_1.name
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.indlu_door_2.name
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.indlu_frame_wall.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Indlu Frame Block
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_inner.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Indlu Wall
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_outer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Indlu Wall
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tepee Door (Red)
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tepee Door (Blue)
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tepee Door (Green)
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.tepee_frame_wall.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tepee Frame Block
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.tepee_wall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tepee Wall
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Door (Red)
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Door (Blue)
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Door (Green)
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_floor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dirt (Indestructible)
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_roof.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_wall.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_roof.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Roof
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_inner.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Wall
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_outer.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yurt Wall
fe.protection.break.yurtmod.tile.yurtmod_barrier.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.explode.*                                                             # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Rune
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Altar
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Table
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mimic Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleposer
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Light
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Filled Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Portal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Essence
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Container
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Speed Rune
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Anchor Point
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Balloon
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Engine
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Floater
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altGrass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.altar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Light
fe.protection.explode.Botania.avatar.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bellows.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrost.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.brewery.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cellBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.cocoon.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.distributor.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enchanter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.fakeAir.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.flower.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestDrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.forestEye.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.ghostRail.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.hourglass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.incensePlate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.lightRelay.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaBomb.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaDetector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaFlame.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.manaVoid.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.miniIsland.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.Botania.openCrate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.petalBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.platform.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pool.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prism.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pump.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.pylon.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.root.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.root.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.runeAltar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.seaLamp.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.solidVine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.specialFlower.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.spreader.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.starfield.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.storage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.terraPlate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.turntable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.explode.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.explode.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Charge
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Brass
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Constantan
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Fairy
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.explode.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Log
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.explode.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Block
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Slab
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSInvisibleWall.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Night Stone
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Book Binder
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookstand
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Decay Effect
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lectern
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Link Modifier
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Star Fissure
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Link Portal
fe.protection.explode.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Writing Desk
fe.protection.explode.NOVA.blockAntiBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti Block
fe.protection.explode.NOVA.blockDirtChest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt Chest 9002
fe.protection.explode.NOVA.blockLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.NOVA.blockSapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BerryBush.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Blazerail.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Bluebells.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bluebells
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Cloud.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.N_Crops.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherButton.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherLever.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Obelisk.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Saguaro.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.explode.Natura.Thornvines.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thornvines
fe.protection.explode.Natura.bloodwood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood
fe.protection.explode.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.maple.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.redwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.sakura.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.tiger.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.button.willow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Button
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.redwood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.door.sakura.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Door
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.floraleaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.florasapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.heatsand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Sand
fe.protection.explode.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.planks.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.explode.Natura.redwood.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.maple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.stair.willow.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.Natura.tree.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.explode.Natura.willow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.willow.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Drying Rack
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Station
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue Block
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frying Pan
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hambone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Landmine
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE SDX
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Invar
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Stick
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Urn
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Bound Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Think Tank
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemite
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Seroconverter
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dust
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Inspiratron
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Monitor
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soulforge
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Metal Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tooth
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Log
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Block
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cicada
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonworm
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollvidr
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.explode.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.Crate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abyblock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Abyssalnite
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abybrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abybutton.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone Button
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abycopore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Copper Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abycorore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Coralium Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydiaore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssalnite Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickfence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickstairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydreadore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abydreadstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssalnite Stone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abyfence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abygolore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abyiroore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abylcorore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Coralium Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abynitore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Nitre Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abyore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abypcorore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pearlescent Coralium Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abypplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abyslab1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abyslab2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abystairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abystone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.abytinore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Tin Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.altar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.antiwater.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Antimatter
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.azathothstatue.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Azathoth Statue
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.chagarothspawner.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cha'garoth Spawner Block
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.coraliumfire.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Fire
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.coraliumore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.coraliumstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Infused Stone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.corblock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Refined Coralium
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.crystallizer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystallizer
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.crystallizer_on.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystallizer
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstobebrickslab2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Stone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Brick
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickfence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickslab1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickstairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstonebutton.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Stone Button
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cstonepplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coralium Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cthulhustatue.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cthulhu Statue
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.cwater.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Coralium
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Cobblestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Cobblestone Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrick.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.DEB.name
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickfence.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickstairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumpillar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkgrass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Grass
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkstone_brick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkstone_cobble.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dbstairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dcstairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dghead.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Depths Ghoul head
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltbutton.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood Button
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltfence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltleaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Leaves
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltlog.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltplank.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltpplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltsapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltslab1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltslab2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dltstairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darklands Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadaltarbottom.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Cha'garoth (bottom)
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadaltartop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Cha'garoth (top)
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadbrick.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadstone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickfence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickstairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadfire.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreaded Fire
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadgrass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Grass
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadguardspawner.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadguard Spawner Block
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadiumblock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Dreadium
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadleaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Wood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadlog.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Wood Log
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreaded Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadplanks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadportal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Gateway
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadsapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Wood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dreadstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadstone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.drtfence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Wood Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dsbfence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dsbutton.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Button
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dscwall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dsglow.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.dspplate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkstone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.energypedestal.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.engraver.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Engraver
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.engraver_on.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE A House
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxium.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethaxium
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumblock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Ethaxium
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrick.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EB.name
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickstairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumfence.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumpillar.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.fire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.gatekeeperminionspawner.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Minion of The Gatekeeper Spawner Block
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.hasturstatue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hastur Statue
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.jzaharspawner.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE J'zahar Spawner Block
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.jzahatstatue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE J'zahar Statue
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.materializer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Materializer
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.monolithpillar.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Monolith Stone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.monolithstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Monolith Stone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.nitreore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nitre Ore
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.nyarlathotepstatue.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nyarlathotep Statue
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.odb.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Oblivion Deathbomb
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.odbcore.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE ODB Core
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ohead.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dr. Orange's head
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.omotholfire.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Omothol Fire
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.omotholportal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Omothol Gateway
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.omotholstone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Omothol Stone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.phead.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pete's head
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.portal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Gateway
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.psdl.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dreadlands Infused Powerstone
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ritualaltar.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Altar
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.ritualpedestal.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.sacrificialaltar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacrificial Altar
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.shoggothbiomass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shoggoth Biomass
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.shoggothblock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Shoggoth Ooze
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.shubniggurathstatue.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Shub-Niggurath Statue
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.solidlava.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid lava
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.tieredenergypedestal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tieredEnergyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.tieredsacrificialaltar.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tieredSacrificialAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.transmutator.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Transmutator
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.transmutator_on.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transmutator
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.whead.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mr. Wilson's head
fe.protection.explode.abyssalcraft.yogsothothstatue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yog-Sothoth Statue
fe.protection.explode.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.bedrockBricks.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock Bricks
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.blockBlaze.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Block
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.blockBone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bones
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.blockEnder.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Ender Pearl
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.blockFlesh.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.blockGunpowder.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gunpowder
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.blockRuby.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Ruby
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.blockSlime.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Slime
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.boneLadder.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Ladder
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.chestNetherwood.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Chest
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.doorBoneBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.doorGlassBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.doorNetherBrickBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.doorNetherwoodBlock.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.enderBrick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Brick
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.gateNetherBrick.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.glowstoneTorch.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.netherLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.netherPlanks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.netherSapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.netherWood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Log
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.netherwoodWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.oreRuby.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.slabEnderBrick.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.slabEnderBrickFull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.slabNetherwood.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.slabNetherwoodFull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.soulGlass.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Glass
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.stairStone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.stairsEnderBrick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.stairsNetherwood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.bettercraft.trapdoorIron.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.cfm.barstool.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.basin.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.birdbath.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blender.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blindoff.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blindon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chairstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chairwood.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.choppingboard.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.computer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cookiejar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.couch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.counterdoored.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.countersink.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cup.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtainoff.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtainon.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.dishwasher.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.doorbell.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.electricfence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.firealarmon.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.freezer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fridge.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hey.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lampoff.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lampon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mailbox.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.microwave.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.nyan.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.oven.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.pattern.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.present.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.present.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.printer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerbottom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showerheadon.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.showertop.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stereo.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stonepath.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tablestone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tablewood.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tap.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toaster.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toilet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tree.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tv.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.washingmachine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.whitefence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.amber.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Anti Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.arcane.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.autoChisel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.beacon.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.chisel.birch_planks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodRune.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Rune
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brickCustom.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.copperblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.end_Stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass_pane.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.grimstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Grimstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hexPlating.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hex Plating
fe.protection.explode.chisel.holystone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Holystone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_bars.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leadblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.leaves.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Slab
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nation.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.nether_brick.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.oak_planks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.present.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.rebel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.road_line.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Road Lines
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.silverblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.steelblock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tallow.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical4.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Technical Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templeblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.thaumium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tinblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch10.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch3.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch5.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch6.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch7.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch8.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.torch9.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.warningSign.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Warning Sign
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.blockTemporal.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tEmPoRAl blOCk
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.brassBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Block
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.celestialCompass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Compass Core
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.celestialCompassSub.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Compass
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.clockworkAssemblyTable.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Clockwork Assembly Table
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.disassembler.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Disassembler
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorAir.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorAir.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorDeath.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorDeath.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorEarth.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorEarth.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorFire.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorFire.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorLife.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLife.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorLight.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLight.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorLunar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLunar.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.extractorWater.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clockworkphase:extractorWater.name
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.hourglassLightBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hourglass Light
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.oreTemporal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tEmPoRAl oRe
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.sandTemporal.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tEmPoRAl sNaD
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.timeSand.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Sand
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.timeWell.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Well of Time
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.windingBox.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Winding Box
fe.protection.explode.clockworkphase.woodTemporal.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tEmPoRAl lOg
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Table
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.fridge.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fridge
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.sink.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sink
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.toaster.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.explode.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Rack
fe.protection.explode.denseores.block0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.explode.eplus.tile.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.blockBlood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.blockPoison.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Poison
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.bloodChest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Chest
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.bloodInfuser.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Infuser
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.bloodStainedBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stained Block
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.bloodWaxedCoalBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Blood-Waxed Coal
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.bloodyCobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloody Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.boxOfEternalClosure.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Box of Eternal Closure
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.colossalBloodChest.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Colossal Blood Chest
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.darkBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Block
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.darkBloodBrick.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Blood Brick
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.darkBrick.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Brick
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.darkOre.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Ore
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.darkPowerGemBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Power Gem Block
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.darkTank.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Tank
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.entangledChalice.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Entangled Chalice
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.environmentalAccumulator.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Environmental Accumulator
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.eternalWaterBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Eternal Water Block
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.gemStoneTorch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE GemStone Torch
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.hardenedBlood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Blood
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.invisibleRedstoneBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Invisible Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.lightningBomb.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lightning Bomb
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.netherMonsterBlock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.obscuredGlass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Obscured Glass
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.purifier.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifier
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.reinforcedUndeadPlank.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Undead Plank
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.sanguinaryEnvironmentalAccumulator.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sanguinary Environmental Acc.
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.sanguinaryPedestal.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sanguinary Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.spikedPlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Spiked Plate
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.spiritFurnace.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Furnace
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.spiritPortal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.spiritReanimator.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Reanimator
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.undeadLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Undead Leaves
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.undeadLog.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Undead Log
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.undeadPlank.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Undead Plank
fe.protection.explode.evilcraft.undeadSapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Undead Sapling
fe.protection.explode.golems.tile.golem_head.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Head
fe.protection.explode.golems.tile.movinglightsource.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamic Light (Full)
fe.protection.explode.golems.tile.movinglightsource2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamic Light (Half)
fe.protection.explode.golems.tile.movingpowerprovider.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamic Power Source
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Berry Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churn.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Churn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cutting Board
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Desert Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Herb Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.oven.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Goosberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Barley Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Beet Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Celery Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Corn Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grape Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Leek Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Oats Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Okra Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Onion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Peas Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Radish Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rye Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pot.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quern.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quern
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.salt.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Ore
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.sink.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Textile Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Garden
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.explode.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.explode.necromancy.skullWall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.qblock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumore.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.explode.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.explode.waystones.waystone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Waystone
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alluringskull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.explode.witchery.altar.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.artichoke.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.explode.witchery.barrier.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.beartrap.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Beartrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.belladonna.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Belladonna
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodrose.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bramble.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brazier.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brazier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brew.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewgas.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewliquid.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cactus.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.witchery.candelabra.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cauldron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.chalice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chalice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.clever.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.witchery.coffinblock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffin
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crittersnare.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Critter Snare
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crystalball.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.explode.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Collector
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decursedirected.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.explode.witchery.demonheart.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Heart
fe.protection.explode.witchery.disease.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Disease
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.explode.witchery.embermoss.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ember Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.force.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid
fe.protection.explode.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicplant.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glintweed.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glint Weed
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glowglobe.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Globe
fe.protection.explode.witchery.grassper.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grassper
fe.protection.explode.witchery.hollowtears.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Fence
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefencegate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Gate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.iceslab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestockade.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.infinityegg.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.explode.witchery.kettle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Kettle
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leapinglily.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leechchest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leech Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.light.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.lilypad.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mandrake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mandrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mindrake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Minedrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.explode.witchery.perpetualice.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitdirt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitgrass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.witchery.placeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.plantmine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.explode.witchery.refillingchest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.scarecrow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarecrow
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.silvervat.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Vat
fe.protection.explode.witchery.slurp.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowbell.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowbell
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowslab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowstairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.somniancotton.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritportal.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statueofworship.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stockade.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentportal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Stone
fe.protection.explode.witchery.trent.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.vine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine
fe.protection.explode.witchery.voidbramble.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Bramble
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wallgen.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.web.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Web
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchleaves.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchlog.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsladder.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfhead.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Head
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolftrap.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolftrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wormwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wormwood
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.altar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Light
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar of Light
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wraith Node
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.bed_roof.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedouin Roof
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.bed_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedouin Wall
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bedouin_door_0.name
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bedouin_door_1.name
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bedouin_door_2.name
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_roof.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_wall.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.indlu_door_0.name
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.indlu_door_1.name
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.indlu_door_2.name
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.indlu_frame_wall.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Indlu Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_inner.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Indlu Wall
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_outer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Indlu Wall
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tepee Door (Red)
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tepee Door (Blue)
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tepee Door (Green)
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.tepee_frame_wall.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tepee Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.tepee_wall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tepee Wall
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Door (Red)
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Door (Blue)
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Door (Green)
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_floor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt (Indestructible)
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_roof.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_wall.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_roof.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Roof
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_inner.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Wall
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_outer.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yurt Wall
fe.protection.explode.yurtmod.tile.yurtmod_barrier.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.interact.*                                                            # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Altar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Conduit
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Incense Crucible
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Demon's Chest
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Table
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mimic Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Schematic Saver
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Teleposer
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Light
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Filled Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Portal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Life Essence
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Container
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Speed Rune
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Anchor Point
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Air Balloon
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Shore Buffer
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crate
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Engine
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Floater
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ship's Helm
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Seat
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altGrass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.altar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.Botania.avatar.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bellows.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrost.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.brewery.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cellBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.cocoon.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.distributor.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enchanter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.fakeAir.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.flower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestDrum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.forestEye.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.ghostRail.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.hourglass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.incensePlate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.lightRelay.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaBomb.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaDetector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaFlame.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.manaVoid.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.miniIsland.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.Botania.openCrate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.petalBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.platform.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pool.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pool.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prism.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prism.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pump.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pump.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.pylon.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.root.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.root.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.runeAltar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.seaLamp.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.solidVine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.specialFlower.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.spreader.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.starfield.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.storage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.terraPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.turntable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.interact.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Concussion Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Confusing Charge
fe.protection.interact.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Charge
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Brass
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Constantan
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Elementium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Fairy
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.interact.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Zinc
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Star Block
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Log
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Planks
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.interact.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wrath Cage
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Block
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Slab
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSInvisibleWall.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Night Stone
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Book Binder
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Book Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bookstand
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Decay Effect
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ink Mixer
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lectern
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Link Modifier
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Star Fissure
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Link Portal
fe.protection.interact.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Writing Desk
fe.protection.interact.NOVA.blockAntiBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.NOVA.blockDirtChest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt Chest 9002
fe.protection.interact.NOVA.blockLeaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.NOVA.blockSapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BerryBush.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Blazerail.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Bluebells.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bluebells
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Cloud.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.N_Crops.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherButton.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherLever.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Obelisk.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Saguaro.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.interact.Natura.Thornvines.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thornvines
fe.protection.interact.Natura.bloodwood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood
fe.protection.interact.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.maple.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.redwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.sakura.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.tiger.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.button.willow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Button
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.redwood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.door.sakura.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Door
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.floraleaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.florasapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.heatsand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Sand
fe.protection.interact.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.planks.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.interact.Natura.redwood.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Soil
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.maple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.stair.willow.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.Natura.tree.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.interact.Natura.willow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.willow.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Drying Rack
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Station
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Slab Furnace
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glue Block
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frying Pan
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hambone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Landmine
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT SDX
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Ender
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Alumite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Enderium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Invar
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lumium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Nickel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Shiny
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Signalum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Tin
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glue
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Slime
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bounce Pad
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Stick
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Gas  
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Old Urn
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bound Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Everburn Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Everfull Urn
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Brazier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Think Tank
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemite
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Seroconverter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bone
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Brain
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Deep Crystal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dust
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Eye Cluster
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Gateway
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Inspiratron
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Node Monitor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Beacon
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sieve
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soulforge
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tooth
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Boundary
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.Crate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crate
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abyblock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Abyssalnite
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abybrick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abybutton.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone Button
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abycopore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Copper Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abycorore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Coralium Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydiaore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssalnite Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssalnite Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssalnite Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickfence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssalnite Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickstairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssalnite Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydreadore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abydreadstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssalnite Stone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abyfence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abygolore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abyiroore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abylcorore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Coralium Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abynitore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Nitre Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abyore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abypcorore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pearlescent Coralium Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abypplate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abyslab1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abyslab2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abystairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abystone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.abytinore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Tin Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.altar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.antiwater.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Antimatter
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.azathothstatue.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Azathoth Statue
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.chagarothspawner.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cha'garoth Spawner Block
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.coraliumfire.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Fire
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.coraliumore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.coraliumstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Infused Stone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.corblock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Refined Coralium
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.crystallizer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crystallizer
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.crystallizer_on.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crystallizer
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstobebrickslab2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Stone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstonebrick.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Brick
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickfence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickslab1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickstairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstonebutton.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Stone Button
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cstonepplate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coralium Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cthulhustatue.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cthulhu Statue
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.cwater.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Coralium
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Cobblestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Cobblestone Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrick.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.DEB.name
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickfence.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickstairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumpillar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkgrass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Grass
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkstone_brick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkstone_cobble.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dbstairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dcstairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dghead.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Depths Ghoul head
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltbutton.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood Button
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltfence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltleaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Leaves
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltlog.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltplank.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltpplate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltsapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltslab1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltslab2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dltstairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darklands Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadaltarbottom.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Cha'garoth (bottom)
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadaltartop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Cha'garoth (top)
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadbrick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadstone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickfence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickstairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadfire.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dreaded Fire
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadgrass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Grass
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadguardspawner.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadguard Spawner Block
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadiumblock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Dreadium
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadleaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Wood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadlog.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Wood Log
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dreaded Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadplanks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadportal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Gateway
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadsapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Wood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dreadstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadstone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.drtfence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Wood Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dsbfence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dsbutton.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Button
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dscwall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dsglow.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.dspplate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Darkstone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.energypedestal.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.engraver.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Engraver
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.engraver_on.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT A House
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxium.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ethaxium
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumblock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Ethaxium
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrick.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EB.name
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickstairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumfence.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumpillar.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.fire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.gatekeeperminionspawner.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Minion of The Gatekeeper Spawner Block
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.hasturstatue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hastur Statue
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.jzaharspawner.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT J'zahar Spawner Block
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.jzahatstatue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT J'zahar Statue
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.materializer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Materializer
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.monolithpillar.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Monolith Stone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.monolithstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Monolith Stone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.nitreore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nitre Ore
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.nyarlathotepstatue.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nyarlathotep Statue
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.odb.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Oblivion Deathbomb
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.odbcore.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT ODB Core
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ohead.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dr. Orange's head
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.omotholfire.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Omothol Fire
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.omotholportal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Omothol Gateway
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.omotholstone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Omothol Stone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.phead.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pete's head
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.portal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Gateway
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.psdl.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dreadlands Infused Powerstone
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ritualaltar.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Altar
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.ritualpedestal.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.sacrificialaltar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sacrificial Altar
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.shoggothbiomass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shoggoth Biomass
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.shoggothblock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Shoggoth Ooze
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.shubniggurathstatue.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Shub-Niggurath Statue
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.solidlava.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Solid lava
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.tieredenergypedestal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tieredEnergyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.tieredsacrificialaltar.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tieredSacrificialAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.transmutator.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Transmutator
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.transmutator_on.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transmutator
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.whead.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mr. Wilson's head
fe.protection.interact.abyssalcraft.yogsothothstatue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yog-Sothoth Statue
fe.protection.interact.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.bedrockBricks.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock Bricks
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.blockBlaze.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Block
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.blockBone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bones
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.blockEnder.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Ender Pearl
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.blockFlesh.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.blockGunpowder.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gunpowder
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.blockRuby.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Ruby
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.blockSlime.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Slime
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.boneLadder.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Ladder
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.chestNetherwood.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Chest
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.doorBoneBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.doorGlassBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.doorNetherBrickBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.doorNetherwoodBlock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.enderBrick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Brick
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.gateNetherBrick.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.glowstoneTorch.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.netherLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.netherPlanks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.netherSapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.netherWood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Log
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.netherwoodWorkbench.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.oreRuby.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Ore
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.slabEnderBrick.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.slabEnderBrickFull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.slabNetherwood.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.slabNetherwoodFull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.soulGlass.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Glass
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.stairStone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.stairsEnderBrick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.stairsNetherwood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Netherwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.bettercraft.trapdoorIron.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.cfm.barstool.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.basin.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.basin.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bin.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.birdbath.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blender.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blender.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blindoff.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blindon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chairstone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chairwood.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.choppingboard.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.computer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cookiejar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.couch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.couch.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.counterdoored.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.countersink.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cup.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cup.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtainoff.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtainon.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.dishwasher.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.doorbell.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.electricfence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.firealarmon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.freezer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fridge.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hey.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hey.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lampoff.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lampon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mailbox.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.microwave.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.nyan.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.oven.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.pattern.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.plate.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.present.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.present.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.printer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.printer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerbottom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showerheadon.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.showertop.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stereo.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stonepath.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tablestone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tablewood.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tap.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tap.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toaster.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toilet.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tree.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tree.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tv.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tv.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.washingmachine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.whitefence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.amber.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Anti Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.arcane.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.autoChisel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.beacon.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.chisel.birch_planks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodRune.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brickCustom.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.copperblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.end_Stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fantasy Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Circuit
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.grimstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grimstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hexPlating.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hex Plating
fe.protection.interact.chisel.holystone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Holystone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_bars.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leadblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.leaves.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Slab
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nation.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.nether_brick.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.oak_planks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paperwall Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.present.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.rebel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rebellious Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.road_line.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Road Lines
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.silverblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.steelblock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tallow.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tallow
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical4.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Technical Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templeblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.thaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tinblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch10.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch3.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch5.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch6.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch7.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch8.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.torch9.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.warningSign.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Warning Sign
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Woolen Clay
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.blockTemporal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tEmPoRAl blOCk
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.brassBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Block
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.celestialCompass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Compass Core
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.celestialCompassSub.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Compass
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.clockworkAssemblyTable.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Clockwork Assembly Table
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.disassembler.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Disassembler
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorAir.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorAir.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorDeath.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorDeath.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorEarth.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorEarth.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorFire.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorFire.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorLife.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorLife.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorLight.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorLight.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorLunar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorLunar.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.extractorWater.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clockworkphase:extractorWater.name
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.hourglassLightBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hourglass Light
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.oreTemporal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tEmPoRAl oRe
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.sandTemporal.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tEmPoRAl sNaD
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.timeSand.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Time Sand
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.timeWell.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Well of Time
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.windingBox.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Winding Box
fe.protection.interact.clockworkphase.woodTemporal.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tEmPoRAl lOg
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Oven
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Table
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.fridge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fridge
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.sink.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sink
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.toaster.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.interact.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Rack
fe.protection.interact.denseores.block0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                       # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.eplus.tile.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.blockBlood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.blockPoison.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Poison
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.bloodChest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Chest
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.bloodInfuser.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Infuser
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.bloodStainedBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stained Block
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.bloodWaxedCoalBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Blood-Waxed Coal
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.bloodyCobblestone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bloody Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.boxOfEternalClosure.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Box of Eternal Closure
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.colossalBloodChest.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Colossal Blood Chest
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.darkBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Block
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.darkBloodBrick.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Blood Brick
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.darkBrick.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Brick
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.darkOre.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Ore
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.darkPowerGemBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Power Gem Block
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.darkTank.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Tank
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.entangledChalice.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Entangled Chalice
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.environmentalAccumulator.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Environmental Accumulator
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.eternalWaterBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Eternal Water Block
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.gemStoneTorch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT GemStone Torch
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.hardenedBlood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Blood
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.invisibleRedstoneBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Invisible Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.lightningBomb.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lightning Bomb
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.netherMonsterBlock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.obscuredGlass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Obscured Glass
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.purifier.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Purifier
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.reinforcedUndeadPlank.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Undead Plank
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.sanguinaryEnvironmentalAccumulator.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Sanguinary Environmental Acc.
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.sanguinaryPedestal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sanguinary Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.spikedPlate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Spiked Plate
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.spiritFurnace.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Furnace
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.spiritPortal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Portal
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.spiritReanimator.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Reanimator
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.undeadLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Undead Leaves
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.undeadLog.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Undead Log
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.undeadPlank.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Undead Plank
fe.protection.interact.evilcraft.undeadSapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Undead Sapling
fe.protection.interact.golems.tile.golem_head.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Head
fe.protection.interact.golems.tile.movinglightsource.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamic Light (Full)
fe.protection.interact.golems.tile.movinglightsource2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamic Light (Half)
fe.protection.interact.golems.tile.movingpowerprovider.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamic Power Source
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Berry Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churn.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Churn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cutting Board
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Desert Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gourd Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Herb Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Leafy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.oven.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Goosberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Barley Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Beet Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Celery Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Corn Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cotton Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ginger Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grape Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Leek Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Oats Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Okra Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Onion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peanut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Peas Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Radish Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Scallion Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soybean Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spinach Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Turnip Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pot.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quern.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quern
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.salt.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.sink.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sink.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stalk Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Textile Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Garden
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.interact.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sewing Machine
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Summoning Altar
fe.protection.interact.necromancy.skullWall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.qblock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Computer
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Automatic Observer
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumore.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Ore
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Ore
fe.protection.interact.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Portal
fe.protection.interact.waystones.waystone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Waystone
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alluringskull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Alluring Skull
fe.protection.interact.witchery.altar.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.artichoke.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water Artichoke
fe.protection.interact.witchery.barrier.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.beartrap.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Beartrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.belladonna.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Belladonna
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Crucible
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodrose.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Poppy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bramble.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brazier.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brazier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brew.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewgas.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewliquid.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cactus.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.witchery.candelabra.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cauldron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.chalice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chalice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Heart Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.clever.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.witchery.coffinblock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coffin
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crittersnare.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Critter Snare
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crystalball.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Ball
fe.protection.interact.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Collector
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decursedirected.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.interact.witchery.demonheart.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Heart
fe.protection.interact.witchery.disease.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Disease
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dream Weaver
fe.protection.interact.witchery.embermoss.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ember Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.force.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Solid
fe.protection.interact.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Garland
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicplant.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glintweed.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glint Weed
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glowglobe.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Globe
fe.protection.interact.witchery.grassper.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grassper
fe.protection.interact.witchery.hollowtears.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Fence
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefencegate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Gate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.iceslab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestockade.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.infinityegg.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Egg
fe.protection.interact.witchery.kettle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Kettle
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leapinglily.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Leaping Lily
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leechchest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leech Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.light.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.lilypad.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mandrake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mandrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mindrake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Minedrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror Surface
fe.protection.interact.witchery.perpetualice.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitdirt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitgrass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.witchery.placeditem.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.plantmine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.interact.witchery.refillingchest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.scarecrow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.silvervat.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Vat
fe.protection.interact.witchery.slurp.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowbell.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snowbell
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowslab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowstairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.somniancotton.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spanish Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritportal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statueofworship.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stockade.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentportal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentstone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Stone
fe.protection.interact.witchery.trent.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Trent Effigy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.vine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vine
fe.protection.interact.witchery.voidbramble.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Void Bramble
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wallgen.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.web.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Web
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchleaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchlog.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsladder.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfhead.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Head
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wolfsbane
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolftrap.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wolftrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wormwood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wormwood
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Altar of Light
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wraith Node
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.bed_roof.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bedouin Roof
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.bed_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bedouin Wall
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bedouin_door_0.name
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bedouin_door_1.name
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bedouin_door_2.name
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_roof.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_wall.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.indlu_door_0.name
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.indlu_door_1.name
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.indlu_door_2.name
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.indlu_frame_wall.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Indlu Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_inner.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Indlu Wall
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_outer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Indlu Wall
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tepee Door (Red)
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tepee Door (Blue)
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tepee Door (Green)
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.tepee_frame_wall.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tepee Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.tepee_wall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tepee Wall
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Door (Red)
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Door (Blue)
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Door (Green)
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_floor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt (Indestructible)
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_roof.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_wall.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_roof.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Roof
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_inner.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Wall
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_outer.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yurt Wall
fe.protection.interact.yurtmod.tile.yurtmod_barrier.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.place.*                                                               # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Anchor Point
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Air Balloon
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steam Engine
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Floater
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altGrass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.altar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.Botania.avatar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bellows.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrost.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.brewery.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cellBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.cocoon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.distributor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enchanter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.fakeAir.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.flower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestDrum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.forestEye.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.ghostRail.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.hourglass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.incensePlate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.lightRelay.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaBomb.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaDetector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaFlame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.manaVoid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.miniIsland.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.Botania.openCrate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.petalBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.platform.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pool.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prism.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pump.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.pylon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.root.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.runeAltar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.seaLamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.solidVine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.specialFlower.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.spreader.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.starfield.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.storage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.terraPlate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.turntable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.place.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.place.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Constantan
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Fairy
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.place.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.place.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bone Slab
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bone Stairs
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSInvisibleWall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.place.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Night Stone
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Book Binder
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bookstand
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Decay Effect
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Link Modifier
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Star Fissure
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Link Portal
fe.protection.place.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Writing Desk
fe.protection.place.NOVA.blockAntiBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.NOVA.blockDirtChest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dirt Chest 9002
fe.protection.place.NOVA.blockLeaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Leaves
fe.protection.place.NOVA.blockSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blood Sapling
fe.protection.place.Natura.BerryBush.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Blazerail.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.Bluebells.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.Natura.Cloud.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.N_Crops.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherButton.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherLever.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.Obelisk.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.Saguaro.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.place.Natura.Thornvines.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.place.Natura.bloodwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.place.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.maple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.redwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.sakura.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.tiger.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.button.willow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.redwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.door.sakura.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.Natura.floraleaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.florasapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.heatsand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.place.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.planks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.place.Natura.redwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.maple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.stair.willow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.Natura.tree.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.place.Natura.willow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.willow.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.place.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.Crate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abyblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Abyssalnite
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abybrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abybutton.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Button
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abycopore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Copper Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abycorore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Coralium Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydiaore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickfence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickstairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydreadore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abydreadstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abyfence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abygolore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abyiroore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abylcorore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Coralium Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abynitore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Nitre Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abyore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abypcorore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pearlescent Coralium Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abypplate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abyslab1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abyslab2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abystairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abystone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.abytinore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Tin Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.altar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.antiwater.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Antimatter
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.azathothstatue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Azathoth Statue
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.chagarothspawner.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cha'garoth Spawner Block
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.coraliumfire.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Fire
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.coraliumore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.coraliumstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Infused Stone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.corblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Refined Coralium
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.crystallizer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystallizer
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.crystallizer_on.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crystallizer
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstobebrickslab2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Stone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstonebrick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickfence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickslab1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickstairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstonebutton.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Stone Button
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cstonepplate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cthulhustatue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cthulhu Statue
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.cwater.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Coralium
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.DEB.name
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickfence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickstairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumpillar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkgrass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Grass
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkstone_brick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkstone_cobble.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dbstairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dcstairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dghead.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Depths Ghoul head
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltbutton.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Button
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltfence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltleaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Leaves
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltlog.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltplank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltpplate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltsapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltslab1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltslab2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dltstairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadaltarbottom.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Cha'garoth (bottom)
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadaltartop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Cha'garoth (top)
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadbrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Bricks
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickfence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickstairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadfire.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dreaded Fire
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadgrass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Grass
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadguardspawner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dreadguard Spawner Block
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadiumblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Dreadium
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadleaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Leaves
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadlog.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Log
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dreaded Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadplanks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadportal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Gateway
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadsapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Sapling
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dreadstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.drtfence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dsbfence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dsbutton.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Button
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dscwall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dsglow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.dspplate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.energypedestal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pedestal
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.engraver.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Engraver
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.engraver_on.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE A House
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ethaxium
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.EB.name
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickstairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumfence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumpillar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.fire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.gatekeeperminionspawner.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Minion of The Gatekeeper Spawner Block
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.hasturstatue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hastur Statue
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.jzaharspawner.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE J'zahar Spawner Block
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.jzahatstatue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE J'zahar Statue
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.materializer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Materializer
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.monolithpillar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Monolith Stone Pillar
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.monolithstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Monolith Stone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.nitreore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nitre Ore
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.nyarlathotepstatue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nyarlathotep Statue
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.odb.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Deathbomb
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.odbcore.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE ODB Core
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ohead.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dr. Orange's head
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.omotholfire.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Omothol Fire
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.omotholportal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Omothol Gateway
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.omotholstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Omothol Stone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.phead.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pete's head
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.portal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Gateway
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.psdl.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Infused Powerstone
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ritualaltar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Altar
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.ritualpedestal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Pedestal
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.sacrificialaltar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sacrificial Altar
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.shoggothbiomass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shoggoth Biomass
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.shoggothblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Shoggoth Ooze
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.shubniggurathstatue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Shub-Niggurath Statue
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.solidlava.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Solid lava
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.tieredenergypedestal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tieredEnergyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.tieredsacrificialaltar.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tieredSacrificialAltar.name
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.transmutator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transmutator
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.transmutator_on.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transmutator
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.whead.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mr. Wilson's head
fe.protection.place.abyssalcraft.yogsothothstatue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yog-Sothoth Statue
fe.protection.place.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.bedrockBricks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Bricks
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.blockBlaze.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Block
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.blockBone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bones
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.blockEnder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ender Pearl
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.blockFlesh.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.blockGunpowder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gunpowder
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.blockRuby.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ruby
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.blockSlime.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Slime
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.boneLadder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bone Ladder
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.chestNetherwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Chest
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.doorBoneBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.doorGlassBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.doorNetherBrickBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.doorNetherwoodBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.enderBrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.gateNetherBrick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.glowstoneTorch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.netherLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.netherPlanks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Planks
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.netherSapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.netherWood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Log
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.netherwoodWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.oreRuby.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.slabEnderBrick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.slabEnderBrickFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.slabNetherwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.slabNetherwoodFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.soulGlass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soul Glass
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.stairStone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.stairsEnderBrick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.stairsNetherwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.bettercraft.trapdoorIron.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.cfm.barstool.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.basin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.birdbath.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blender.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blindoff.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.blindon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.chairstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.chairwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.choppingboard.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.computer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cookiejar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.couch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.counterdoored.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.countersink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cup.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtainoff.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtainon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.doorbell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.electricfence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.firealarmon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.freezer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.fridge.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.hey.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.lampoff.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.lampon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.mailbox.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.microwave.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.nyan.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.oven.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.pattern.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.plate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.present.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.present.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.printer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerbottom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showerheadon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.showertop.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.stereo.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.stonepath.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tablestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tablewood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.toaster.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.toilet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tree.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.tv.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.washingmachine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.whitefence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.amber.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.arcane.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.autoChisel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.beacon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.chisel.birch_planks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodRune.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.brickCustom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.copperblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.end_Stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.grimstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.hexPlating.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.place.chisel.holystone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_bars.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.leadblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.leaves.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.nether_brick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.oak_planks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.place.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.present.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.rebel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.road_line.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.place.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.silverblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.steelblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.tallow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templeblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.thaumium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tinblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch10.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.torch9.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.warningSign.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.blockTemporal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl blOCk
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.brassBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.celestialCompass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Compass Core
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.celestialCompassSub.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Compass
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.clockworkAssemblyTable.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Clockwork Assembly Table
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.disassembler.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorAir.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorAir.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorDeath.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorDeath.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorEarth.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorEarth.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorFire.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorFire.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorLife.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLife.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorLight.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLight.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorLunar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLunar.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.extractorWater.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorWater.name
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.hourglassLightBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hourglass Light
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.oreTemporal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl oRe
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.sandTemporal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl sNaD
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.timeSand.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Time Sand
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.timeWell.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Well of Time
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.windingBox.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Winding Box
fe.protection.place.clockworkphase.woodTemporal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl lOg
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.fridge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.sink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.toaster.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.place.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.place.denseores.block0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.place.eplus.tile.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.blockBlood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.blockPoison.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.bloodChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Chest
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.bloodInfuser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infuser
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.bloodStainedBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Block
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.bloodWaxedCoalBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Blood-Waxed Coal
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.bloodyCobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bloody Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.boxOfEternalClosure.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Box of Eternal Closure
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.colossalBloodChest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Colossal Blood Chest
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.darkBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Block
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.darkBloodBrick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Blood Brick
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.darkBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Brick
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.darkOre.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ore
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.darkPowerGemBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Power Gem Block
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.darkTank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Tank
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.entangledChalice.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Entangled Chalice
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.environmentalAccumulator.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Environmental Accumulator
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.eternalWaterBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eternal Water Block
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.gemStoneTorch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE GemStone Torch
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.hardenedBlood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Blood
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.invisibleRedstoneBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.lightningBomb.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lightning Bomb
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.netherMonsterBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.obscuredGlass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obscured Glass
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.purifier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purifier
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.reinforcedUndeadPlank.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Undead Plank
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.sanguinaryEnvironmentalAccumulator.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinary Environmental Acc.
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.sanguinaryPedestal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinary Pedestal
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.spikedPlate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spiked Plate
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.spiritFurnace.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Furnace
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.spiritPortal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.spiritReanimator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Reanimator
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.undeadLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Undead Leaves
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.undeadLog.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Undead Log
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.undeadPlank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Undead Plank
fe.protection.place.evilcraft.undeadSapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Undead Sapling
fe.protection.place.golems.tile.golem_head.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golem Head
fe.protection.place.golems.tile.movinglightsource.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Light (Full)
fe.protection.place.golems.tile.movinglightsource2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Light (Half)
fe.protection.place.golems.tile.movingpowerprovider.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Power Source
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.oven.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pot.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quern.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.salt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.sink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.place.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.place.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.place.necromancy.skullWall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.place.qCraft.qblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.place.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.place.waystones.waystone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Waystone
fe.protection.place.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.alluringskull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.place.witchery.altar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.artichoke.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.place.witchery.barrier.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.witchery.beartrap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.belladonna.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodrose.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.place.witchery.bramble.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brazier.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.place.witchery.brew.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewgas.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewliquid.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.cactus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.witchery.candelabra.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.witchery.cauldron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.chalice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.place.witchery.circle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.clever.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.witchery.coffinblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.place.witchery.crittersnare.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.place.witchery.crystalball.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.place.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.place.witchery.decursedirected.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.place.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.place.witchery.demonheart.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.place.witchery.disease.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.place.witchery.embermoss.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.force.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.place.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicplant.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.place.witchery.glintweed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.place.witchery.glowglobe.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.place.witchery.grassper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.place.witchery.hollowtears.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefencegate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.place.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.iceslab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestockade.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.infinityegg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.place.witchery.kettle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.place.witchery.leapinglily.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.place.witchery.leechchest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.light.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.lilypad.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.place.witchery.mandrake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mindrake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.place.witchery.perpetualice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitdirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitgrass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.witchery.placeditem.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.plantmine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.place.witchery.refillingchest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.scarecrow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.silvervat.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.place.witchery.slurp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowbell.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowslab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowstairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.somniancotton.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.place.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritportal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.place.witchery.statueofworship.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.place.witchery.stockade.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentportal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.place.witchery.trent.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.place.witchery.vine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.place.witchery.voidbramble.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.place.witchery.wallgen.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.web.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.place.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchleaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchlog.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsladder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfhead.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolftrap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.wormwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wraith Node
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.bed_roof.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Roof
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.bed_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Wall
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedouin_door_0.name
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedouin_door_1.name
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedouin_door_2.name
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_roof.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.indlu_door_0.name
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.indlu_door_1.name
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.indlu_door_2.name
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.indlu_frame_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Indlu Frame Block
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_inner.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Indlu Wall
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_outer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Indlu Wall
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Door (Red)
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Door (Blue)
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Door (Green)
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.tepee_frame_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Frame Block
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.tepee_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Wall
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Door (Red)
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Door (Blue)
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Door (Green)
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_floor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dirt (Indestructible)
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_roof.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_roof.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Roof
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_inner.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Wall
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_outer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Wall
fe.protection.place.yurtmod.tile.yurtmod_barrier.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.*                                                             # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Anchor Point
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Air Balloon
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Steam Engine
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Floater
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodClock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodSeat.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodcase0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWooddesk.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodlabel.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodrack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodshelf.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioWoodsNatura.BiblioWoodtable.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alchemyCatalyst.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.alfheimPortal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altGrass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.altar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.trample.Botania.avatar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bellows.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bellows.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrost.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPerm.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.bifrostPermPane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA0Wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA10Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA11Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA12Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA13Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA14Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA15Stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA3Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA4Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA5Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA6Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA7Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA8Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneA9Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB3Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB4Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB5Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB6Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.biomeStoneB7Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.blazeBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.brewery.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.buriedPetals.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cacophoniumBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cellBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.cocoon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.conjurationCatalyst.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaCrystalCube.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaFunnel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaIndex.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaInterceptor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.corporeaRetainer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick1Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick2Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.customBrick3Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dirtPath0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirtPath0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.distributor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.doubleFlower2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood0Wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.dreamwood1Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.elfGlassPane.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchantedSoil.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enchanter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick0Stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.endStoneBrick2Stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneBrick2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.enderEyeBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.fakeAir.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.felPumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.floatingSpecialFlower.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.flower.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestDrum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.forestEye.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.gaiaHeadBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaiaHeadBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.ghostRail.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.hourglass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.incensePlate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightLauncher.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.lightRelay.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingrock1Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.livingwood1Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBeacon.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBeacon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaBomb.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaDetector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaFlame.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaGlassPane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.manaVoid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.miniIsland.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.Botania.openCrate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement0Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement1Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement2Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement3Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement4Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5SlabFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pavement5Stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.petalBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pistonRelay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.platform.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pool.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prism.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine0Wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine1Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2SlabFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.prismarine2Stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pump.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.pylon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabDarkHalf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabElfHalf.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderFull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabManaHalf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedFull.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabRedHalf.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyFull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsBlaze.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsDark.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsElf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsLavender.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsMana.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsRed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzStairsSunny.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeBlaze.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeDark.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeElf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeLavender.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeMana.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeRed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.quartzTypeSunny.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringComparator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringContainer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringDispenser.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringInterceptor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.redStringRelay.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0SlabFull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.reedBlock0Wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reedBlock0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.rfGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.root.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.runeAltar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.seaLamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0SlabFull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerrock0Stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.shinyFlower.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.solidVine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.sparkChanger.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spawnerClaw.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.specialFlower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.spreader.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.starfield.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone0Wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone0Wall.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone10Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone11Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone1Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone2Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone3Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone8Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9SlabFull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.stone9Stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.storage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.terraPlate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.teruTeruBozu.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0SlabFull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.thatch0Stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPlanetBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.tinyPotato.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.turntable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.trample.Botania.unstableBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.unstableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConcussionCharge.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockConfusingCharge.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Confusing Charge
fe.protection.trample.EnderZoo.blockEnderCharge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.blockFunStuff.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.solid.metal.block.blockFunStuff.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenAdamantine..*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Adamantine
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenBrass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenConstantan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Constantan
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenDarkSteel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenElementium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenFairy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Fairy
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenManasteel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenPokefennium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pokefennium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenRedAurum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten RedAurum
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenTerrasteel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenVoidmetal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Voidmetal
fe.protection.trample.ExtraTiC.moltenZinc.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.ArcaneCake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Cake
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.InkFlower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.StarBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Star Block
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLeaves.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintLog.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintPlank.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Planks
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.TaintSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.UmbralBush.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose Bush
fe.protection.trample.ForbiddenMagic.WrathCage.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSAltar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSBoneBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSBoneSlab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bone Slab
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSBoneStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSCandle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSGraveStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.GraveStone.name
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSHauntedChest.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.HauntedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSInvisibleWall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSMemorial.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Memorial.name
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSPileOfBones.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pile of bones.name
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSSkullCandle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Skull Candle.name
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSSpawner.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.GraveStone.GSTrap.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Night Stone
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockBookBinder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Book Binder
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockBookReceptacle.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockBookstand.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bookstand
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockDecay.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Decay Effect
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockFluidMyst.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.myst.fluid.name
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockInkMixer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockLectern.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockLinkModifier.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Link Modifier
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.BlockStarFissure.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Star Fissure
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.LinkPortal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Link Portal
fe.protection.trample.Mystcraft.WritingDesk.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Writing Desk
fe.protection.trample.NOVA.blockAntiBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.trample.NOVA.blockDirtChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dirt Chest 9002
fe.protection.trample.NOVA.blockLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.NOVA.blockSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BerryBush.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Blazerail.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Bluebells.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailActivator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailDetector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.BrailPowered.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Cloud.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Dark_Leaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darkleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Dark_Tree.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Darktree.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Glowshroom.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.GrassBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.GrassSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.GrassSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.N_Crops.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.bookshelf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Natura.workbench.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherBerryBush.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.berrybush.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherButton.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherFurnace.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherGlass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherHopper.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherLever.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.Natura.NetherPressurePlate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Obelisk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Leaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Rare_Tree.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.RareTree.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Saguaro.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.trample.Natura.Thornvines.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.trample.Natura.bloodwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.trample.Natura.blueGlowshroom.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.amaranth.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.bloodwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.darkwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.eucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.fusewood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.ghostwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.hopseed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.maple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.redwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.sakura.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.silverbell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.tiger.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.button.willow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.bloodwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.eucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.ghostwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.hopseed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.redwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.redwoodbark.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Bark Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.door.sakura.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Door
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.amaranth.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.bloodwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.darkwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.eucalyptus.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.fusewood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.ghostwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.hopseed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.maple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.redwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.sakura.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.silverbell.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.tiger.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.fenceGate.willow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.floraleaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.floraleavesnocolor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.leavesnocolor.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.florasapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.greenGlowshroom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.heatsand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.trample.Natura.plankSlab1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab1.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.plankSlab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.plankSlab2.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.planks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.amaranth.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.bloodwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.darkwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.eucalyptus.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.fusewood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.ghostwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.hopseed.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.maple.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.redwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.sakura.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.silverbell.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.tiger.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.pressureplate.willow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.Natura.purpleGlowshroom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.trample.Natura.redwood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.soil.tainted.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.amaranth.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.bloodwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.darkwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.eucalyptus.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.fusewood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.ghostwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.hopseed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.maple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.redwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.sakura.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.silverbell.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.tiger.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.stair.willow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.amaranth.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.bloodwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.darkwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.eucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.fusewood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.ghostwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.hopseed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.maple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.redwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.sakura.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.silverbell.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.tiger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tigerwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.trapdoor.willow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.Natura.tree.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.treeblock.name
fe.protection.trample.Natura.willow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.willow.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.autoSorter.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:autoSorter.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundChest.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.boundChest.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.boundJar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bound Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.crucibleSouls.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Crucible of Souls
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everburnUrn.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Everburn Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.everfullUrn.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.floatCandle.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicexploration:floatCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.meltyIce.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.replicator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.soulBrazier.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Soul Brazier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.thinkTankJar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Think Tank
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicExploration.trashJar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Jar
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraPillar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.AuroraSlab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleBrick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.CastleMagic.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.DarkLeaves.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.FluffyCloud.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.ForceField.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ForceField.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantCobble.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLeaves.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantLog.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.GiantObsidian.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeGloomBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeLilyPad.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeStalk.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.HugeWaterLily.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.KnightmetalBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.Slider.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Slider.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFAuroraBrick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBossSpawner.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFBossSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFBurntThorns.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFCicada.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFDeadrock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFDeadrock.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireJet.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFFireJet.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFirefly.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFFireflyJar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFHedge.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFHedge.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLeaves3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLeaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFLog.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLeaves.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLog.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLog.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMazestone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFMazestone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFMoonworm.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFNagastone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFNagastone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPlant.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFPortal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFRoots.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFRoots.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFShield.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFShield.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThornRose.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFThorns.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFThorns.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerDevice.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerStone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerStone.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTowerTranslucent.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophy.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Trophy
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFTrophyPedestal.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFTrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUncraftingTable.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TFUnderBrick.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.TFUnderBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollBer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollSteinn.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.TrollVidr.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UberousSoil.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.UnripeTrollBer.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.trample.TwilightForest.tile.WispyCloud.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.Crate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abyblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Abyssalnite
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abybrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abybutton.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Button
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abycopore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Copper Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abycorore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Coralium Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydiaore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrick2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickfence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydreadbrickstairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydreadore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abydreadstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Stone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abyfence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abygolore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abyiroore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abylcorore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Coralium Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abynitore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Nitre Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abyore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abypcorore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pearlescent Coralium Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abypplate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abyslab1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abyslab2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abystairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abystone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.abytinore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Tin Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.altar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.antiwater.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Antimatter
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.azathothstatue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Azathoth Statue
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.chagarothspawner.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cha'garoth Spawner Block
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.coraliumfire.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Fire
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.coraliumore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.coraliumstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Infused Stone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.corblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Refined Coralium
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.crystallizer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crystallizer
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.crystallizer_on.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Crystallizer
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstobebrickslab2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Stone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickfence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickslab1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstonebrickstairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstonebutton.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Stone Button
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cstonepplate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coralium Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cthulhustatue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cthulhu Statue
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.cwater.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Coralium
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkbrickslab2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkcobblelsab2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.DEB.name
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickfence.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickslab2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumbrickstairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkethaxiumpillar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkgrass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Grass
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkstone_brick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkstone_cobble.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.darkstoneslab2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dbstairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dcstairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dghead.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Depths Ghoul head
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltbutton.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Button
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltfence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltleaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Leaves
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltlog.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltplank.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltpplate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltsapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltslab1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltslab2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dltstairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darklands Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadaltarbottom.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Cha'garoth (bottom)
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadaltartop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Cha'garoth (top)
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadbrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickfence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickslab2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadbrickstairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadfire.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dreaded Fire
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadgrass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Grass
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadguardspawner.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dreadguard Spawner Block
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadiumblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Dreadium
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadleaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadlog.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Log
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dreaded Abyssalnite Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadplanks.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadportal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Gateway
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadsapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dreadstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dreadstone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.drtfence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Wood Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dsbfence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dsbutton.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Button
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dscwall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dsglow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Darkstone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.dspplate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkstone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.energypedestal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.engraver.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Engraver
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.engraver_on.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE A House
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ethaxium
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.EB.name
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickslab2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Doubleslab
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumbrickstairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumfence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ethaxiumpillar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethaxium Pillar
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.fire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.gatekeeperminionspawner.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Minion of The Gatekeeper Spawner Block
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.hasturstatue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hastur Statue
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.jzaharspawner.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE J'zahar Spawner Block
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.jzahatstatue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE J'zahar Statue
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.materializer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Materializer
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.monolithpillar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Monolith Stone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.monolithstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Monolith Stone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.nitreore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nitre Ore
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.nyarlathotepstatue.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Nyarlathotep Statue
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.odb.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oblivion Deathbomb
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.odbcore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ODB Core
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ohead.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dr. Orange's head
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.omotholfire.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Omothol Fire
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.omotholportal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Omothol Gateway
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.omotholstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Omothol Stone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.phead.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pete's head
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.portal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Gateway
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.psdl.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dreadlands Infused Powerstone
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ritualaltar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Altar
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.ritualpedestal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.sacrificialaltar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sacrificial Altar
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.shoggothbiomass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Shoggoth Biomass
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.shoggothblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shoggoth Ooze
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.shubniggurathstatue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Shub-Niggurath Statue
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.solidlava.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Solid lava
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.tieredenergypedestal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tieredEnergyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.tieredsacrificialaltar.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tieredSacrificialAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.transmutator.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transmutator
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.transmutator_on.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Transmutator
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.whead.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mr. Wilson's head
fe.protection.trample.abyssalcraft.yogsothothstatue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Yog-Sothoth Statue
fe.protection.trample.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.bedrockBricks.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Bricks
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.blockBlaze.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Block
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.blockBone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bones
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.blockEnder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ender Pearl
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.blockFlesh.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.blockGunpowder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gunpowder
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.blockRuby.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Ruby
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.blockSlime.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Slime
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.boneLadder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bone Ladder
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.chestNetherwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Chest
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.doorBoneBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.doorGlassBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.doorNetherBrickBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.doorNetherwoodBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.enderBrick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.gateNetherBrick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.glowstoneTorch.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.netherLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.netherPlanks.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.netherSapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.netherWood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Log
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.netherwoodWorkbench.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.oreRuby.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Ore
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.slabEnderBrick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.slabEnderBrickFull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.slabNetherwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.slabNetherwoodFull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.soulGlass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Glass
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.stairStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.stairsEnderBrick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ender Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.stairsNetherwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Netherwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.bettercraft.trapdoorIron.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.cfm.barstool.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.barstool.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.basin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.basin.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bath1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath1.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bath2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bath2.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedsidecabinet.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedsidecabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bin.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.birdbath.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.birdbath.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blender.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blender.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blindoff.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blindon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blindon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ceilinglightoff.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglightoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ceilinglighton.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceilinglighton.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chairstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairstone.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chairwood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.chairwood.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.choppingboard.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.choppingboard.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffetablestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablestone.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffetablewood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.coffetablewood.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.computer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.computer.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cookiejar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookiejar.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.couch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.counterdoored.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.counterdoored.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.countersink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.countersink.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cup.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.curtainoff.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.curtainon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtainon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.dishwasher.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dishwasher.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.doorbell.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.doorbell.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.electricfence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.electricfence.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.firealarmoff.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.firealarmon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.firealarmon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.freezer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.freezer.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fridge.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fridge.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.hedge.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hey.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.hey.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.kitchencabinet.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.kitchencabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.lampoff.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.lampon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.lampon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mailbox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mailbox.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.microwave.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.microwave.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.nyan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.nyan.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.oven.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ovenoverhead.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenoverhead.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.pattern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pattern.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.plate.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.present.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.present.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.printer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.printer.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showerbottom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerbottom.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showerheadoff.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadoff.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showerheadon.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.showerheadon.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.showertop.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.showertop.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.stereo.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stereo.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.stonepath.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonepath.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tablestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablestone.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tablewood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tablewood.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tap.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tap.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.toaster.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.toaster.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.toilet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.toilet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tree.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tree.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tv.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tv.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.wallcabinet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.wallcabinet.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.washingmachine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.washingmachine.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.whiteGlass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.whiteGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.whitefence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.whitefence.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.yellowGlow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.yellowGlow.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.acacia_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.5.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.6.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.aluminum_stairs.7.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.aluminumblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.amber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.amber.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anti Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.arcane.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.autoChisel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.beacon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.chisel.birch_planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.bloodBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodRune.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Rune
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brickCustom.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brick Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bronzeblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Floor Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.copperblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dark_oak_planks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.end_Stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factoryblock2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purpled Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.fantasyblock2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fantasy Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futuraCircuit.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Futura Circuit
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass_pane.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.grimstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grimstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexLargePlating.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hexPlating.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hex Plating
fe.protection.trample.chisel.holystone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Holystone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice_stairs.7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_bars.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern10.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern11.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern12.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern13.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern14.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern15.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern16.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern5.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern6.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern7.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern8.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jackolantern9.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.chisel.jungle_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratoryblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leadblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.leaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_slab_top.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone_stairs.7.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_pillar_slab_top.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_slab_top.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Slab
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble_stairs.7.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.mossy_templeblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nation.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imperialistic Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.nether_brick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.oak_planks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian_snakestone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.packedice_stairs.7.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paperwall_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperwall Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.present.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin10.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin11.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin12.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin13.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin14.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin15.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin16.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin4.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin5.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin6.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin7.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin8.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.pumpkin9.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.rebel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rebellious Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.road_line.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Road Lines
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sand_snakestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sand Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chisel.sandstone2.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone_scribbles.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.silverblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.spruce_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_forestry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_lightgray.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_brown.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_lightgray.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_magenta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_pink.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_purple.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_red.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_white.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_pane_yellow.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stained_glass_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.steelblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stone_snakestone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Snakestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebricksmooth.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tallow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tallow
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Transparent Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Technical Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templeblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.thaumium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tinblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch10.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch5.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch6.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch7.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch8.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.torch9.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.uraniumblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Valentines Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonePillar2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energised Voidstone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Runic Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.warningSign.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warning Sign
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.woolen_clay.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Woolen Clay
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.blockTemporal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl blOCk
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.brassBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.celestialCompass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Compass Core
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.celestialCompassSub.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Compass
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.clockworkAssemblyTable.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Clockwork Assembly Table
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.disassembler.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorAir.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorAir.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorDeath.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorDeath.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorEarth.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorEarth.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorFire.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorFire.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorLife.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLife.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorLight.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLight.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorLunar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorLunar.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.extractorWater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.clockworkphase:extractorWater.name
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.hourglassLightBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Hourglass Light
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.oreTemporal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl oRe
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.sandTemporal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl sNaD
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.timeSand.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Time Sand
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.timeWell.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Well of Time
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.windingBox.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Winding Box
fe.protection.trample.clockworkphase.woodTemporal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tEmPoRAl lOg
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.cookingoven.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Oven
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.cookingtable.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.fridge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.sink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.toaster.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.cookingbook:toaster.name
fe.protection.trample.cookingbook.toolrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.trample.denseores.block0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:block0.name
fe.protection.trample.eplus.tile.advancedEnchantmentTable.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.blockBlood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.blockPoison.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Poison
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.bloodChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Chest
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.bloodInfuser.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Infuser
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.bloodStainedBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stained Block
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.bloodWaxedCoalBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Blood-Waxed Coal
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.bloodyCobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloody Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.boxOfEternalClosure.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Box of Eternal Closure
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.colossalBloodChest.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Colossal Blood Chest
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.darkBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Block
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.darkBloodBrick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Blood Brick
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.darkBrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Brick
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.darkOre.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Ore
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.darkPowerGemBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Power Gem Block
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.darkTank.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Tank
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.entangledChalice.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Entangled Chalice
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.environmentalAccumulator.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Environmental Accumulator
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.eternalWaterBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eternal Water Block
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.gemStoneTorch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE GemStone Torch
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.hardenedBlood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Blood
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.invisibleRedstoneBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.lightningBomb.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lightning Bomb
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.netherMonsterBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.obscuredGlass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Obscured Glass
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.purifier.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Purifier
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.reinforcedUndeadPlank.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Undead Plank
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.sanguinaryEnvironmentalAccumulator.*                # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinary Environmental Acc.
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.sanguinaryPedestal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinary Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.spikedPlate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spiked Plate
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.spiritFurnace.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Furnace
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.spiritPortal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.spiritReanimator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Reanimator
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.undeadLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Undead Leaves
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.undeadLog.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Undead Log
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.undeadPlank.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Undead Plank
fe.protection.trample.evilcraft.undeadSapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Undead Sapling
fe.protection.trample.golems.tile.golem_head.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golem Head
fe.protection.trample.golems.tile.movinglightsource.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Light (Full)
fe.protection.trample.golems.tile.movinglightsource2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Light (Half)
fe.protection.trample.golems.tile.movingpowerprovider.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Power Source
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.animaltrap.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Animal Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.berrygarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Berry Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churn.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.churnon.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.churnon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cuttingboard.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.desertgarden.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Desert Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fishtrap.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fish Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gourdgarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grassgarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grass Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundgarden.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ground Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.herbgarden.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Herb Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.leafygarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leafy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mushroomgarden.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.oven.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.ovenon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ovenon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAlmond.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamApricot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamAvocado.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamBanana.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCashew.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCherry.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamChestnut.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCinnamon.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamCoconut.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDragonfruit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamDurian.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamFig.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGooseberry.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Goosberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamGrapefruit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLemon.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamLime.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMango.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamMaple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamNutmeg.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOlive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamOrange.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPapaya.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPaperbark.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeach.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPear.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPecan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPeppercorn.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPersimmon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPistachio.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPlum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamPomegranate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamStarfruit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamVanillabean.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamWalnut.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmondSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamappleSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricotSapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokeCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Artichoke Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparagusCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Asparagus Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocadoSapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambananaSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleyCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barley Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeanCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beet Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpepperCrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bell Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberryCrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccoliCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutCrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Brussel Sprout Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbageCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cabbage Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus Fruit Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco10.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco11.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco12.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco13.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco14.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco15.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco16.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco6.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco7.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco8.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleDeco9.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberryCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Candleberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupeCrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cantaloupe Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcarrotCake.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashewSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowerCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cauliflower Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamceleryCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Celery Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcheeseCake.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrySapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherrycheeseCake.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnutSapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipepperCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Chili Pepper Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchocolatesprinkleCake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamonSapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconutSapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeanCrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Bean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcornCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Corn Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottonCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cotton Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumberCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Curry Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdateSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruitSapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurianSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfigSapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarlicCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingerCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ginger Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberrySapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapeCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grape Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruitSapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamholidayCake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwiCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kiwi Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlamingtonCake.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leek Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemonSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettuceCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlimeSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammangoSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammapleSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedsCrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mustard Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmegSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatsCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oats Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokraCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Okra Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoliveSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonionCrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Onion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorangeSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapayaSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbarkSapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Parsnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampavlovaCake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeachSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peanut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampearSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeasCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peas Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecanSapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercornSapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmonSapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineappleupsidedownCake.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachioSapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplumSapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranateSapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampumpkincheeseCake.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Radish Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberryCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamredvelvetCake.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rhubarb Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamriceCrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rice Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagaCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Rutabaga Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryeCrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rye Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallionCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Scallion Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Seaweed Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedsCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sesame Seeds Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeanCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soybean Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafCrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spice Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spinach Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruitSapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberryCrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatoCrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sweet Potato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafCrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tea Leaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatoCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipCrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Turnip Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabeanSapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnutSapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutCrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomCrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE White Mushroom Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashCrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Winter Squash Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchiniCrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Zucchini Crop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pot.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quern.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quern
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.quernon.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quernon.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.salt.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Salt Ore
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.sink.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sink.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.spamcompressedsaltBlockalt.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.stalkgarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stalk Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.textilegarden.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Textile Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watergarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Garden
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.byzantine_brick_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_building.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_building.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_cropMaize.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropMaize.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_cropRice.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropRice.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_cropTurmeric.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropTurmeric.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_cropVine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_cropVine.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_earth_deco.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_earth_deco.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_panel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_panel.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_panes.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_panes.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_path.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_path.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_path_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_path_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_stone_deco.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_stone_deco.name
fe.protection.trample.millenaire.tile.ml_wood_deco.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ml_wood_deco.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Altar_Building_Block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Altar Building Block.name
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Sewing_Machine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sewing Machine
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.Summoning_Altar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Summoning Altar
fe.protection.trample.necromancy.skullWall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.skullWall.name
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.qblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.qcraft:qblock.name
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumcomputer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Computer
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumlogic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Observer
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumoreglowing.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Ore
fe.protection.trample.qCraft.quantumportal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Portal
fe.protection.trample.waystones.waystone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Waystone
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alluringskull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.trample.witchery.altar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.artichoke.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.trample.witchery.barrier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.beartrap.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.belladonna.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodrose.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bramble.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brazier.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brew.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewgas.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewliquid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cactus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.witchery.candelabra.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cauldron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.chalice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.clever.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.witchery.coffinblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crittersnare.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crystalball.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.trample.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decursedirected.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.trample.witchery.demonheart.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.trample.witchery.disease.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.trample.witchery.embermoss.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.force.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.trample.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicplant.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glintweed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glowglobe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.trample.witchery.grassper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.trample.witchery.hollowtears.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefencegate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.iceslab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestockade.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.infinityegg.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.trample.witchery.kettle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leapinglily.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leechchest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.light.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.lilypad.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mandrake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mindrake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.trample.witchery.perpetualice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitdirt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitgrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.witchery.placeditem.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.plantmine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.trample.witchery.refillingchest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.scarecrow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.silvervat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.trample.witchery.slurp.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowbell.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowslab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowstairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.somniancotton.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritportal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statueofworship.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stockade.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentportal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.trample.witchery.trent.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.vine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.trample.witchery.voidbramble.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wallgen.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.web.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchleaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchlog.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsladder.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfhead.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolftrap.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wormwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.altar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Altar of Light
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apothecary Mortar
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE {{!colors.yellow}}Interdiction Torch
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.lilypad.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad of Fertility
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wraith Node
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.bed_roof.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Roof
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.bed_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Wall
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedouin_door_0.name
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedouin_door_1.name
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_door_2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bedouin_door_2.name
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_roof.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.bedouin_frame_wall.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bedouin Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.indlu_door_0.name
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.indlu_door_1.name
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.indlu_door_2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.indlu_door_2.name
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.indlu_frame_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Indlu Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_inner.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Indlu Wall
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.indlu_wall_outer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Indlu Wall
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Door (Red)
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Door (Blue)
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.tepee_door_2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Door (Green)
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.tepee_frame_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.tepee_wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tepee Wall
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Door (Red)
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Door (Blue)
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_door_2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Door (Green)
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_floor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dirt (Indestructible)
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_roof.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_frame_wall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_roof.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Roof
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_inner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Wall
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurt_wall_outer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Yurt Wall
fe.protection.trample.yurtmod.tile.yurtmod_barrier.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
